FireEye - Increasing the validity of the API Key (#17507)
demisto/content: Packs/FireEyeCM/ReleaseNotes/1_1_8.md

#### Integrations
##### FireEye Central Management

> - Fixed an issue where the validity of the API Key was set to 10 seconds instead of 10 minutes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the authorization token was not cached properly. 
```
